hello Chris here from whiskey gaming and
definitely take a look at the Troccoli
our aim laser mouse from soccer
okay so let's start with voice so I
managed to pick dis Mouse up or bati
fried cheese only 25 pound which is
around thirty eight dollars I think so
yeah it's actually really cheap for
gaming mouse we demand the main reason
why I picked it up as we're getting
really good reviews and I think it even
one like best value-for-money award I'm
due to it really good value for money
yeah that really is a nice fort when
you're buying a mouse so the packaging
the mouse came in was pretty good
quality there's nothing no issues with
that yeah so if you're mobbing about
their price range meaning that this is a
lot cheap packaging and even the mouse
too cheap itself well I wouldn't worry
about that as from my own personal
experience I think the mouse and the
packaging they are nice the mouse is
really high quality so moving on to the
mouse so it's 88 the mouse is an
ergonomic mouse it focuses on stability
and control though the mouse it was
designed for palm grip I like to be in
between palm and claw grip mess
sometimes this Duke palm grip but if
this mouse i find it fine if you're like
claw grip on your mouse well there's
nothing wrong with that but yeah it was
heavily designed for palm holding on his
grip their specifications where the
mouse was it was max 5,000 DPI it was
really good of anything but the price is
Maxis elevation was 30g it's only raised
145 and get comes of six weight with I
tend to have all of them in but some
people sometimes they did take hold them
out they depends on your preference to
be honest it's a laser sensor the
connector is a USB to point out gold
plated and it is 180 centimeters that at
the cable length so it's find no
problems of that yeah maybe might be an
issue if your computer was quite thought
down I don't know why I mean not many
people but it's fine for me
innovate the DPI indication has LEDs to
sell your dad so it's like starts of
them and we put the DPI rich it goes up
it's quite a nice button when we press
it bit of DPI let's say you want a bit
more finer movements you can always just
change the DPI and you can do that so
anyway it's Mouse feet it has four of
them it's plastic just 11 buttons on it
which is fine by me there is a button
and you can see all the buttons are we
by noble which is good today at the
moment on the palm there is a little
button bye Wever firm goes that at the
mounted also have to be binded to
double-click but for some games maybe
like football sock infinite I made that
so it was aiming down the sights so you
might be buying them of course but it
all easily rebind bald inside at your
software they come to it on the disk
there's also another button where other
fingers are and I was added mouse that
is default lee we pointed to saying in
the mouse color with at the moment the
default ones are green let me red and
blue so i don't really care about that
as a hand discovers anyway but it's
still a nice thing I illuminated logo so
still looks pretty good now with the
buttons I would say they're mainly high
quality however the middle scroll button
I have to say it feels a bit cheap I
don't really tend to use a lot as for
some games it's the middle button middle
scroller button is quite useful but for
this mouth have just said wasn't the
best quality I really didn't like it but
still it's not like a massive expensive
mouse so there's only a small thing I
would say as other buttons are fine in
my opinion so as I said the Mac GPI is
5000 which I personally never put it up
to that but some people do like the DPI
that's high
it's easily controllable by a button in
the center of the mouse underneath the
scroll wheel so easy we can just press
it forward and put it to max and also to
spit at them so that's pretty really
good ease of access no problems of that
if you're gaming and anything like
changes suddenly there's easy find for
you and also LEDs on the side with also
notify you if much of deep eyes on so
max would be 5000 when all of the four
LEDs or lit up and then the lowest dpi
or dog at the blows default one malice
be one light it up which it was I
sometimes use when I'm gaming as I said
the mouse country of some software that
we can install onto a pc or computer
yeah in the software we can we find all
of the 11 keys which is good so they all
be bindable but of course we do need
love them to be the click or then it
won't work won't allow you what we just
leave it won't open click but yeah in
that we can also change the color so I
mean there's a lot of colors in here so
we can even change we can even have it
to black white pink blue all these
different profiles all the different
colors so that's good i never change
this anyway as as i said you're my hand
is going to be covering it anyway so
what's the point also you can adjust a
light effect but yet not really a point
here in my opinion also you can have
gaming profiles so let's say you have a
profile for bioshock learned on 142
mader and anon with borderlands as they
all need different controls and
different things you have profiles which
is good also in a van setting you can
change the mouse bead scroll speed
double click speed DPI settings there's
manually and more precise polling rate
and a sensitivity of course it is always
a good site the welcoming sight
yeah that's putting on the software
nothing no prop is due to software it's
fine yet not really not too bad Vance
not basic evil just fine for me so yeah
it was good so yeah all in all I have a
satyam house is a bargain and the must
buy it has a nice rubberized grip so you
won't really get your hands draining
it's just fine if you just rested there
and for the price I was really amazed to
dis Mouse it is really good quality no
sign of cheapness i would say it shows
it is really good mouse and for that i'm
going to rate it a nine out of 10
and 9 HD biscuits out of 10 SI ya really
good mouse if you're looking for a cheap
wheaton BTW yet high quality gaming
mouse i would say sarcone draakonia is
the way to go so yeah thanks for
watching and see you next time